.github/workflows/SETUP.md, before:

# GitHub Actions Data Seeding Setup Guide

This guide will help you set up and test the automated data seeding workflow for NYC Open Data.

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Setting Up GitHub Secrets](#setting-up-github-secrets)
- [Setting Up Discord Webhook](#setting-up-discord-webhook)
- [Testing the Workflow](#testing-the-workflow)
- [Monitoring and Troubleshooting](#monitoring-and-troubleshooting)
- [FAQ](#faq)

---

## Overview

The `seed-all-data.yml` workflow automatically seeds housing, capital budget, and financial data from NYC Open Data APIs into your PostgreSQL database.

**Schedule:** Weekly on Sundays at midnight UTC (00:00 UTC)

**Runtime:** Approximately 2-3 minutes (all three scripts combined)

**Retry Policy:** Up to 3 automatic retries on failure with 30-second wait between attempts

**Notifications:** Discord webhook notifications sent only on complete failure (after all retries exhausted)

---

## Setting Up GitHub Secrets

GitHub Secrets are used to securely store sensitive information like database credentials and webhook URLs.

### 1. DATABASE_URL (Required)

This is your PostgreSQL connection string from Supabase.

**Steps to add:**

1. Go to your GitHub repository
2. Click **Settings** → **Secrets and variables** → **Actions**
3. Click **New repository secret**
4. Set the following:
   - **Name:** `DATABASE_URL`
   - **Secret:** Your Supabase connection string (format below)
5. Click **Add secret**

**Connection String Format:**
```
postgresql://[user]:[password]@[host]:[port]/[database]
```

**Example:**
```
postgresql://postgres.abcdefghij:MyP@ssw0rd@aws-0-us-west-1.pooler.supabase.com:5432/postgres
```

**Where to find your Supabase connection string:**

1. Log in to [Supabase](https://app.supabase.com)
2. Select your project
3. Go to **Project Settings** → **Database**
4. Scroll down to **Connection string** → **URI**
5. Copy the connection string (replace `[YOUR-PASSWORD]` with your actual database password)

### 2. DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL (Required for Notifications)

This webhook is used to send failure notifications to Discord.

**Steps to add:**

1. Go to your GitHub repository
2. Click **Settings** → **Secrets and variables** → **Actions**
3. Click **New repository secret**
4. Set the following:
   - **Name:** `DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL`
   - **Secret:** Your Discord webhook URL (see below for how to create one)
5. Click **Add secret**

---

## Setting Up Discord Webhook

Discord webhooks allow the workflow to send notifications to a specific Discord channel.

### Creating a Discord Webhook

1. **Open Discord** and navigate to the server where you want to receive notifications

2. **Select or create a channel** (e.g., `#github-alerts` or `#data-seeding`)

3. **Open Channel Settings:**
   - Right-click on the channel
   - Click **Edit Channel**

4. **Navigate to Integrations:**
   - Click **Integrations** in the left sidebar
   - Click **Webhooks**

5. **Create New Webhook:**
   - Click **New Webhook**
   - Give it a name (e.g., "NYC Data Seeding Bot")
   - Optionally upload an icon/avatar
   - Click **Copy Webhook URL**

6. **Save the Webhook:**
   - Click **Save Changes**

7. **Add to GitHub Secrets:**
   - Use the copied webhook URL as the value for `DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL` secret (see above)

### Example Discord Notification

When a failure occurs, you'll receive a Discord message like this:

```
❌ Data Seeding Failed

All retry attempts (3) have been exhausted.

📅 Timestamp: 2025-11-12 00:15:43 UTC
🔄 Trigger: Scheduled (cron)
📝 Repository: ShouwangH/nyc-financials
🔗 Workflow Run: View Logs
⚠️ Action Required: Please check the workflow logs for detailed error messages
                    and investigate the cause of the failure.

NYC Open Data Seeding Workflow
```

---

## Testing the Workflow

Before the first scheduled run, test the workflow manually to ensure everything works correctly.

### Option 1: Run All Scripts (Default)

1. Go to your GitHub repository
2. Click **Actions** tab
3. Click **Seed All Data** workflow in the left sidebar
4. Click **Run workflow** dropdown (on the right side)
5. Keep all checkboxes checked (default)
6. Click **Run workflow** button
7. Wait for the workflow to complete (2-3 minutes)

### Option 2: Run Individual Scripts

You can test individual scripts to isolate issues:

1. Go to your GitHub repository
2. Click **Actions** tab
3. Click **Seed All Data** workflow in the left sidebar
4. Click **Run workflow** dropdown
5. **Uncheck scripts you want to skip:**
   - ☑️ Run housing seed script
   - ☐ Run capital budget seed script
   - ☐ Run financial seed script
6. Click **Run workflow** button

### Verifying Success

**In GitHub Actions:**
- Check that all steps have green checkmarks ✅
- Review the "Generate seed summary" step for a summary

**In your database:**
- Connect to your Supabase database
- Verify data in tables:
  - `sankey_datasets` (budget and pension sankeys)
  - `sunburst_datasets` (revenue and expense sunbursts)
  - Housing tables
  - Capital budget tables

**Example SQL queries to verify:**
```sql
-- Check sankey datasets
SELECT id, name, type, created_at FROM sankey_datasets ORDER BY created_at DESC;

-- Check sunburst datasets
SELECT id, name, type, created_at FROM sunburst_datasets ORDER BY created_at DESC;

-- Count total records
SELECT
  (SELECT COUNT(*) FROM sankey_datasets) as sankey_count,
  (SELECT COUNT(*) FROM sunburst_datasets) as sunburst_count;
```

---

## Monitoring and Troubleshooting

### Viewing Workflow Runs

1. Go to your GitHub repository
2. Click **Actions** tab
3. Click **Seed All Data** workflow
4. View the list of workflow runs with their status

### Understanding Workflow Status

- ✅ **Success:** All scripts completed successfully
- ❌ **Failure:** One or more scripts failed after 3 retries
- 🟡 **In Progress:** Workflow is currently running
- ⚪ **Cancelled:** Workflow was manually cancelled

### Common Issues and Solutions

#### Issue: "Database connection failed"

**Possible causes:**
- Invalid `DATABASE_URL` secret
- Database is down or unreachable
- Firewall rules blocking GitHub Actions IPs

**Solutions:**
1. Verify `DATABASE_URL` is correct in GitHub Secrets
2. Check Supabase project status
3. Ensure your Supabase project allows connections from external IPs

#### Issue: "npm run seed:all not found"

**Possible causes:**
- `package.json` doesn't have the seed scripts defined
- Incorrect script names

**Solutions:**
1. Verify `package.json` has these scripts:
```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "seed:housing": "bun run scripts/seed-housing.js",
    "seed:capital": "bun run scripts/seed-capital-budget.js",
    "seed:financial": "bun run scripts/seed-financial.js",
    "seed:all": "bun run seed:housing && bun run seed:capital && bun run seed:financial"
  }
}
```

#### Issue: "API rate limit exceeded"

**Possible causes:**
- Too many requests to NYC Open Data APIs

**Solutions:**
1. NYC Open Data typically doesn't have strict rate limits
2. If this occurs, the retry mechanism should handle it
3. Consider adding delays between API calls in the seed scripts

#### Issue: "Timeout after 20 minutes"

**Possible causes:**
- Scripts are taking longer than expected
- Network issues causing slow API responses

**Solutions:**
1. Check NYC Open Data API status
2. Increase `timeout-minutes` in the workflow if needed
3. Review script logs to identify which script is slow

### Downloading Failure Logs

When a workflow fails, logs are automatically uploaded as artifacts:

1. Go to the failed workflow run
2. Scroll down to **Artifacts** section
3. Download `seed-failure-logs-[run-id]`
4. Extract and review the log files

---

## FAQ

### Q: Can I change the schedule?

**A:** Yes, edit the cron expression in `.github/workflows/seed-all-data.yml`:

```yaml
schedule:
  - cron: '0 0 * * 0'  # Weekly on Sundays at midnight UTC
```

Common schedules:
- Daily at midnight: `0 0 * * *`
- Every Monday at 3 AM: `0 3 * * 1`
- Twice daily (midnight and noon): `0 0,12 * * *`

Use [crontab.guru](https://crontab.guru/) to create custom schedules.

### Q: How do I disable notifications temporarily?

**A:** Two options:

1. **Remove the secret:** Delete `DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL` from GitHub Secrets (workflow will continue but notifications will fail silently)

2. **Comment out the notification step:** Edit the workflow file and add `if: false` to the Discord notification step:

```yaml
- name: Send Discord notification on failure
  if: false  # Temporarily disabled
  env:
    DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL: ${{ secrets.DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL }}
```

### Q: Can successful runs be logged?

**A:** Yes, successful runs are logged in two places:

1. **GitHub Actions Summary:** Each successful run creates a summary with timestamps and scripts executed
2. **Workflow Artifacts:** You can modify the workflow to upload success logs as artifacts

To add success artifacts, add this step before the failure artifact step:

```yaml
- name: Upload logs as artifact on success
  if: success()
  uses: actions/upload-artifact@v4
  with:
    name: seed-success-logs-${{ github.run_id }}
    path: |
      npm-debug.log*
      *.log
    retention-days: 7
    if-no-files-found: ignore
```

### Q: What happens if the workflow runs while data is being used?

**A:** The seed scripts are designed to be idempotent (they clear and repopulate tables). The `concurrency` setting ensures only one workflow runs at a time, preventing race conditions. However, during seeding:

- Data in the affected tables will be temporarily cleared
- Applications querying during this time may get empty results
- The entire process takes 2-3 minutes

**Recommendations:**
- Schedule the workflow during low-traffic periods
- Implement caching in your application
- Use read replicas if available

### Q: How do I run individual scripts on a schedule?

**A:** Create separate workflow files for each script:

Example: `.github/workflows/seed-housing-only.yml`

```yaml
name: Seed Housing Data Only

on:
  schedule:
    - cron: '0 2 * * 1'  # Mondays at 2 AM UTC
  workflow_dispatch:

jobs:
  seed-housing:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    timeout-minutes: 10
    steps:
      # ... (same setup steps)
      - name: Run housing seed script
        run: npm run seed:housing
```

### Q: Should I worry about database costs?

**A:** The workflow makes read queries to NYC Open Data (free) and writes to your Supabase database. Costs depend on:

- **Supabase tier:** Free tier has generous limits
- **Data volume:** The scripts seed a few thousand records
- **Frequency:** Weekly runs should be well within free tier limits

Monitor your Supabase usage dashboard to track consumption.

### Q: Can I seed data from a different environment?

**A:** Yes, you can create multiple workflows for different environments:

1. Create separate secrets for each environment:
   - `DATABASE_URL_DEV`
   - `DATABASE_URL_STAGING`
   - `DATABASE_URL_PROD`

2. Create separate workflow files:
   - `seed-all-data-dev.yml`
   - `seed-all-data-staging.yml`
   - `seed-all-data.yml` (production)

3. Use the appropriate secret in each workflow

---

## Additional Resources

- [GitHub Actions Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions)
- [Supabase Documentation](https://supabase.com/docs)
- [NYC Open Data Platform](https://opendata.cityofnewyork.us/)
- [Cron Expression Generator](https://crontab.guru/)
- [Discord Webhooks Guide](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/228383668-Intro-to-Webhooks)

---

## Support

If you encounter issues not covered in this guide:

1. Check the workflow logs in GitHub Actions
2. Review the seed script source code in `scripts/`
3. Verify database schema in `server/lib/schema.ts`
4. Check Discord for failure notifications with detailed error messages

---

**Last Updated:** 2025-11-12

**Workflow Version:** 1.0.0

Commit message:

Add connection timeout and IPv6 troubleshooting
The workflow was failing with IPv6 connection refused errors when
trying to connect to Supabase. This happens when GitHub Actions
runners try to connect via IPv6 but Supabase doesn't accept IPv6
connections (or they're not properly configured).

Changes to seed-utils.js:
1. Added connect_timeout: 30 seconds
   - Prevents hanging on failed connections
   - Fails fast for quicker retry

2. Added idle_timeout: 20 seconds
   - Closes unused connections promptly
   - Reduces resource usage

3. Added warning for direct Supabase connections
   - Recommends using connection pooler instead
   - Pooler typically uses IPv4 (more reliable)

Changes to SETUP.md:
1. Added prominent warning about IPv6 issues
2. Explained connection pooler vs direct connection
3. Showed correct vs incorrect connection string examples
4. Added instructions to find connection pooler URL in Supabase
5. Added troubleshooting for IPv6 errors

Solution for users:
The DATABASE_URL secret should use Supabase's connection pooler:
- ✅ Correct: aws-0-region.pooler.supabase.com
- ❌ Incorrect: db.projectid.supabase.co

Connection pooler provides:
- IPv4 connectivity (GitHub Actions compatible)
- Better connection management for short-lived processes
- Transaction pooling mode for seed scripts

.github/workflows/SETUP.md, after:

# GitHub Actions Data Seeding Setup Guide

This guide will help you set up and test the automated data seeding workflow for NYC Open Data.

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Setting Up GitHub Secrets](#setting-up-github-secrets)
- [Setting Up Discord Webhook](#setting-up-discord-webhook)
- [Testing the Workflow](#testing-the-workflow)
- [Monitoring and Troubleshooting](#monitoring-and-troubleshooting)
- [FAQ](#faq)

---

## Overview

The `seed-all-data.yml` workflow automatically seeds housing, capital budget, and financial data from NYC Open Data APIs into your PostgreSQL database.

**Schedule:** Weekly on Sundays at midnight UTC (00:00 UTC)

**Runtime:** Approximately 2-3 minutes (all three scripts combined)

**Retry Policy:** Up to 3 automatic retries on failure with 30-second wait between attempts

**Notifications:** Discord webhook notifications sent only on complete failure (after all retries exhausted)

---

## Setting Up GitHub Secrets

GitHub Secrets are used to securely store sensitive information like database credentials and webhook URLs.

### 1. DATABASE_URL (Required)

This is your PostgreSQL connection string from Supabase.

**Steps to add:**

1. Go to your GitHub repository
2. Click **Settings** → **Secrets and variables** → **Actions**
3. Click **New repository secret**
4. Set the following:
   - **Name:** `DATABASE_URL`
   - **Secret:** Your Supabase connection string (format below)
5. Click **Add secret**

**Connection String Format:**
```
postgresql://[user]:[password]@[host]:[port]/[database]
```

**IMPORTANT: Use Connection Pooler for GitHub Actions**

GitHub Actions may have issues with IPv6 connections. **Always use Supabase's connection pooler** (not direct connection) for reliable GitHub Actions connectivity.

**✅ Correct (Connection Pooler):**
```
postgresql://postgres.abcdefghij:MyP@ssw0rd@aws-0-us-west-1.pooler.supabase.com:5432/postgres
```
Note the `.pooler.` in the hostname - this ensures IPv4 connectivity.

**❌ Incorrect (Direct Connection - may fail with IPv6):**
```
postgresql://postgres.abcdefghij:MyP@ssw0rd@db.abcdefghij.supabase.co:5432/postgres
```

**Where to find your Supabase connection string:**

1. Log in to [Supabase](https://app.supabase.com)
2. Select your project
3. Go to **Project Settings** → **Database**
4. Look for **Connection Pooler** section (NOT "Connection string")
5. Select **Mode: Transaction** (recommended for short-lived connections)
6. Copy the **URI** (replace `[YOUR-PASSWORD]` with your actual database password)

**If you see IPv6 connection errors:**
```
connect ECONNREFUSED 2600:1f18:...
```
This means you're using direct connection instead of pooler. Switch to the connection pooler URL.

### 2. DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL (Required for Notifications)

This webhook is used to send failure notifications to Discord.

**Steps to add:**

1. Go to your GitHub repository
2. Click **Settings** → **Secrets and variables** → **Actions**
3. Click **New repository secret**
4. Set the following:
   - **Name:** `DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL`
   - **Secret:** Your Discord webhook URL (see below for how to create one)
5. Click **Add secret**

---

## Setting Up Discord Webhook

Discord webhooks allow the workflow to send notifications to a specific Discord channel.

### Creating a Discord Webhook

1. **Open Discord** and navigate to the server where you want to receive notifications

2. **Select or create a channel** (e.g., `#github-alerts` or `#data-seeding`)

3. **Open Channel Settings:**
   - Right-click on the channel
   - Click **Edit Channel**

4. **Navigate to Integrations:**
   - Click **Integrations** in the left sidebar
   - Click **Webhooks**

5. **Create New Webhook:**
   - Click **New Webhook**
   - Give it a name (e.g., "NYC Data Seeding Bot")
   - Optionally upload an icon/avatar
   - Click **Copy Webhook URL**

6. **Save the Webhook:**
   - Click **Save Changes**

7. **Add to GitHub Secrets:**
   - Use the copied webhook URL as the value for `DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL` secret (see above)

### Example Discord Notification

When a failure occurs, you'll receive a Discord message like this:

```
❌ Data Seeding Failed

All retry attempts (3) have been exhausted.

📅 Timestamp: 2025-11-12 00:15:43 UTC
🔄 Trigger: Scheduled (cron)
📝 Repository: ShouwangH/nyc-financials
🔗 Workflow Run: View Logs
⚠️ Action Required: Please check the workflow logs for detailed error messages
                    and investigate the cause of the failure.

NYC Open Data Seeding Workflow
```

---

## Testing the Workflow

Before the first scheduled run, test the workflow manually to ensure everything works correctly.

### Option 1: Run All Scripts (Default)

1. Go to your GitHub repository
2. Click **Actions** tab
3. Click **Seed All Data** workflow in the left sidebar
4. Click **Run workflow** dropdown (on the right side)
5. Keep all checkboxes checked (default)
6. Click **Run workflow** button
7. Wait for the workflow to complete (2-3 minutes)

### Option 2: Run Individual Scripts

You can test individual scripts to isolate issues:

1. Go to your GitHub repository
2. Click **Actions** tab
3. Click **Seed All Data** workflow in the left sidebar
4. Click **Run workflow** dropdown
5. **Uncheck scripts you want to skip:**
   - ☑️ Run housing seed script
   - ☐ Run capital budget seed script
   - ☐ Run financial seed script
6. Click **Run workflow** button

### Verifying Success

**In GitHub Actions:**
- Check that all steps have green checkmarks ✅
- Review the "Generate seed summary" step for a summary

**In your database:**
- Connect to your Supabase database
- Verify data in tables:
  - `sankey_datasets` (budget and pension sankeys)
  - `sunburst_datasets` (revenue and expense sunbursts)
  - Housing tables
  - Capital budget tables

**Example SQL queries to verify:**
```sql
-- Check sankey datasets
SELECT id, name, type, created_at FROM sankey_datasets ORDER BY created_at DESC;

-- Check sunburst datasets
SELECT id, name, type, created_at FROM sunburst_datasets ORDER BY created_at DESC;

-- Count total records
SELECT
  (SELECT COUNT(*) FROM sankey_datasets) as sankey_count,
  (SELECT COUNT(*) FROM sunburst_datasets) as sunburst_count;
```

---

## Monitoring and Troubleshooting

### Viewing Workflow Runs

1. Go to your GitHub repository
2. Click **Actions** tab
3. Click **Seed All Data** workflow
4. View the list of workflow runs with their status

### Understanding Workflow Status

- ✅ **Success:** All scripts completed successfully
- ❌ **Failure:** One or more scripts failed after 3 retries
- 🟡 **In Progress:** Workflow is currently running
- ⚪ **Cancelled:** Workflow was manually cancelled

### Common Issues and Solutions

#### Issue: "Database connection failed"

**Possible causes:**
- Invalid `DATABASE_URL` secret
- Database is down or unreachable
- Firewall rules blocking GitHub Actions IPs

**Solutions:**
1. Verify `DATABASE_URL` is correct in GitHub Secrets
2. Check Supabase project status
3. Ensure your Supabase project allows connections from external IPs

#### Issue: "npm run seed:all not found"

**Possible causes:**
- `package.json` doesn't have the seed scripts defined
- Incorrect script names

**Solutions:**
1. Verify `package.json` has these scripts:
```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "seed:housing": "bun run scripts/seed-housing.js",
    "seed:capital": "bun run scripts/seed-capital-budget.js",
    "seed:financial": "bun run scripts/seed-financial.js",
    "seed:all": "bun run seed:housing && bun run seed:capital && bun run seed:financial"
  }
}
```

#### Issue: "API rate limit exceeded"

**Possible causes:**
- Too many requests to NYC Open Data APIs

**Solutions:**
1. NYC Open Data typically doesn't have strict rate limits
2. If this occurs, the retry mechanism should handle it
3. Consider adding delays between API calls in the seed scripts

#### Issue: "Timeout after 20 minutes"

**Possible causes:**
- Scripts are taking longer than expected
- Network issues causing slow API responses

**Solutions:**
1. Check NYC Open Data API status
2. Increase `timeout-minutes` in the workflow if needed
3. Review script logs to identify which script is slow

### Downloading Failure Logs

When a workflow fails, logs are automatically uploaded as artifacts:

1. Go to the failed workflow run
2. Scroll down to **Artifacts** section
3. Download `seed-failure-logs-[run-id]`
4. Extract and review the log files

---

## FAQ

### Q: Can I change the schedule?

**A:** Yes, edit the cron expression in `.github/workflows/seed-all-data.yml`:

```yaml
schedule:
  - cron: '0 0 * * 0'  # Weekly on Sundays at midnight UTC
```

Common schedules:
- Daily at midnight: `0 0 * * *`
- Every Monday at 3 AM: `0 3 * * 1`
- Twice daily (midnight and noon): `0 0,12 * * *`

Use [crontab.guru](https://crontab.guru/) to create custom schedules.

### Q: How do I disable notifications temporarily?

**A:** Two options:

1. **Remove the secret:** Delete `DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL` from GitHub Secrets (workflow will continue but notifications will fail silently)

2. **Comment out the notification step:** Edit the workflow file and add `if: false` to the Discord notification step:

```yaml
- name: Send Discord notification on failure
  if: false  # Temporarily disabled
  env:
    DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL: ${{ secrets.DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL }}
```

### Q: Can successful runs be logged?

**A:** Yes, successful runs are logged in two places:

1. **GitHub Actions Summary:** Each successful run creates a summary with timestamps and scripts executed
2. **Workflow Artifacts:** You can modify the workflow to upload success logs as artifacts

To add success artifacts, add this step before the failure artifact step:

```yaml
- name: Upload logs as artifact on success
  if: success()
  uses: actions/upload-artifact@v4
  with:
    name: seed-success-logs-${{ github.run_id }}
    path: |
      npm-debug.log*
      *.log
    retention-days: 7
    if-no-files-found: ignore
```

### Q: What happens if the workflow runs while data is being used?

**A:** The seed scripts are designed to be idempotent (they clear and repopulate tables). The `concurrency` setting ensures only one workflow runs at a time, preventing race conditions. However, during seeding:

- Data in the affected tables will be temporarily cleared
- Applications querying during this time may get empty results
- The entire process takes 2-3 minutes

**Recommendations:**
- Schedule the workflow during low-traffic periods
- Implement caching in your application
- Use read replicas if available

### Q: How do I run individual scripts on a schedule?

**A:** Create separate workflow files for each script:

Example: `.github/workflows/seed-housing-only.yml`

```yaml
name: Seed Housing Data Only

on:
  schedule:
    - cron: '0 2 * * 1'  # Mondays at 2 AM UTC
  workflow_dispatch:

jobs:
  seed-housing:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    timeout-minutes: 10
    steps:
      # ... (same setup steps)
      - name: Run housing seed script
        run: npm run seed:housing
```

### Q: Should I worry about database costs?

**A:** The workflow makes read queries to NYC Open Data (free) and writes to your Supabase database. Costs depend on:

- **Supabase tier:** Free tier has generous limits
- **Data volume:** The scripts seed a few thousand records
- **Frequency:** Weekly runs should be well within free tier limits

Monitor your Supabase usage dashboard to track consumption.

### Q: Can I seed data from a different environment?

**A:** Yes, you can create multiple workflows for different environments:

1. Create separate secrets for each environment:
   - `DATABASE_URL_DEV`
   - `DATABASE_URL_STAGING`
   - `DATABASE_URL_PROD`

2. Create separate workflow files:
   - `seed-all-data-dev.yml`
   - `seed-all-data-staging.yml`
   - `seed-all-data.yml` (production)

3. Use the appropriate secret in each workflow

---

## Additional Resources

- [GitHub Actions Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions)
- [Supabase Documentation](https://supabase.com/docs)
- [NYC Open Data Platform](https://opendata.cityofnewyork.us/)
- [Cron Expression Generator](https://crontab.guru/)
- [Discord Webhooks Guide](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/228383668-Intro-to-Webhooks)

---

## Support

If you encounter issues not covered in this guide:

1. Check the workflow logs in GitHub Actions
2. Review the seed script source code in `scripts/`
3. Verify database schema in `server/lib/schema.ts`
4. Check Discord for failure notifications with detailed error messages

---

**Last Updated:** 2025-11-12

**Workflow Version:** 1.0.0
